Updated docs for `bicepconfig.json` (#90336)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-resource-manager/bicep/bicep-config.md

# Configure your Bicep environment

Bicep supports a configuration file named `bicepconfig.json`. Within this file, you can add values that customize your Bicep development experience. If you don't add this file, Bicep uses default values.

To customize values, create this file in the directory where you store Bicep files. You can add `bicepconfig.json` files in multiple directories. The configuration file closest to the Bicep file in the directory hierarchy is used.

## Available settings

When working with [modules](modules.md), you can add aliases for module paths. These aliases simplify your Bicep file because you don't have to repeat complicated paths. For more information, see [Add module settings to Bicep config](bicep-config-modules.md).

> The [Bicep linter](linter.md) checks Bicep files for syntax errors and best practice violations, you can override the default settings for the Bicep file validation by modifying `bicepconfig.json`. For more information, see [Add linter settings to Bicep config](bicep-config-linter.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Bicep linter](linter.md) checks Bicep files for syntax errors and best practice violations. You can override the default settings for the Bicep file validation by modifying `bicepconfig.json`. For more information, see [Add linter settings to Bicep config](bicep-config-linter.md).
```

# Configure your Bicep environment

Bicep supports a configuration file named `bicepconfig.json`. Within this file, you can add values that customize your Bicep development experience. If you don't add this file, Bicep uses default values.

To customize values, create this file in the directory where you store Bicep files. You can add `bicepconfig.json` files in multiple directories. The configuration file closest to the Bicep file in the directory hierarchy is used.

## Available settings

When working with [modules](modules.md), you can add aliases for module paths. These aliases simplify your Bicep file because you don't have to repeat complicated paths. For more information, see [Add module settings to Bicep config](bicep-config-modules.md).

The [Bicep linter](linter.md) checks Bicep files for syntax errors and best practice violations, you can override the default settings for the Bicep file validation by modifying `bicepconfig.json`. For more information, see [Add linter settings to Bicep config](bicep-config-linter.md).

> You can also configure the credential precedence for authenticating to Azure from Bicep CLI and VSCode. The credentials are used to publish modules to registries, restore external modules to the local cache and when using the insert resource function. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also configure the credential precedence for authenticating to Azure from Bicep CLI and Visual Studio Code. The credentials are used to publish modules to registries and to restore external modules to the local cache when using the insert resource function. 
```
